CLOUDLOC-2204: Перевод README-файлов в репозиториях примеров (#1)
yandex-cloud-examples/yc-speechkit-web-ui: README_en.md

# SpeechKit Web UI

<img
  src="images/web-ui.png"
  alt="SpeechKit Workbench"
  title="SpeechKit Workbench"
  style="display: inline-block; margin: 0 auto; max-width: 600px">

> This repository contains an example web app that accesses [Yandex SpeechKit](https://cloud.yandex.com/ru/services/speechkit) and displays its output in a web interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains an example web app that accesses [Yandex SpeechKit](https://yandex.cloud/en/services/speechkit) and displays its output in a web interface.
```

The app allows you to check out the speech recognition and synthesis features, as well as explore various parameters available for speech synthesis:

> - You can select and test the available [voices](https://cloud.yandex.com/ru/docs/speechkit/tts/voices).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can select and test the available [voices](https://yandex.cloud/en/docs/speechkit/tts/voices).
```

> - You can use the [TTS markup](https://cloud.yandex.com/ru/docs/speechkit/tts/markup/tts-markup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can use the [TTS markup](https://yandex.cloud/en/docs/speechkit/tts/markup/tts-markup).
```

The app features the following components:
- Web interface: Static website in an Object Storage bucket.
- Serverless Containers: Required to process requests and forward them to SpeechKit.

The result of speech synthesis is stored in the bucket.

<img
  src="images/diagram.png"
  alt="SpeechKit Workbench"
  title="SpeechKit Workbench"
  style="display: inline-block; margin: 0 auto; max-width: 400px">

## Module description

This module creates the following resources:

1. Object Storage bucket.
2. Objects in the bucket to run a static website.
2. Two Serverless Containers.
3. API gateway.
4. Service accounts to run the containers.
5. Static key and API key.
7. [Lockbox](https://cloud.yandex.ru/services/lockbox) secret to store the keys securely.

Terraform provider employs authentication via `key.json`. To deploy this solution, you will need the `admin` role for the folder to create service accounts and assign roles.

> You can change the authentication type to [token](https://cloud.yandex.ru/ru/docs/iam/concepts/authorization/iam-token), if required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the authentication type to [token](https://yandex.cloud/en/docs/iam/concepts/authorization/iam-token), if required.
```

## Installation

To run this module, create a file with `private.auto.tfvars` variables and save the `folder_id` and `cloud_id` of your cloud and folder, respectively, into it:

```
cloud_id = "b1g3xxxxxx"
folder_id = "b1g7xxxxxx
```

> Also, [create](https://yandex.cloud/ru/docs/iam/operations/authorized-key/create) the `key.json` authorized key and save it in the folder, next to the other `.tf` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, [create](https://yandex.cloud/en/docs/iam/operations/authorized-key/create) the `key.json` authorized key and save it in the folder, next to the other `.tf` files.
```
